= Knife SL

= DESCRIPTION:

Knife plugin for SoftLayer.

= INSTALLATION:

Be sure you are running the latest version Chef. Versions earlier than 0.10.0 don't support plugins:

    gem install chef

This plugin is distributed as a Ruby Gem. To install it, run:

    gem install knife-sl

Depending on your system's configuration, you may need to run this command with root privileges.

= CONFIGURATION:

In order to communicate with the SoftLayer API you will have to tell Knife about your SoftLayer Username and Access Key.  The easiest way to accomplish this is to create some entries in your <tt>knife.rb</tt> file:

    knife[:sl_api_username]  = "Your SoftLayer Username"
    knife[:sl_api_key] = "Your SoftLayer Key"

If your knife.rb file will be checked into a SCM system (ie readable by others) you may want to read the values from environment variables:

    knife[:sl_api_username] = "#{ENV['SL_API_USERNAME']}"
    knife[:sl_api_key] = "#{ENV['SL_API_KEY']}"


= SUBCOMMANDS:

This plugin provides the following Knife subcommands.  Specific command options can be found by invoking the subcommand with a <tt>--help</tt> flag

= LICENSE:

Author:: Artem Veremey (<artem@veremey.net>)
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2012 Artem Veremey.
License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

